How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

The diff identified the lines of code that changed between one version and the
next and displayed them in the console window side by side so that I could
easily spot the difference. It also showed the line where the difference was
found so that any errors can be easily located in the source file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

It will allow you to see you have previously written code compared to how you
write it now so that you can work out which way is more efficient.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

Pro: of manual way is that you can control exactly when the commit occurs, e.g.
after a big change in the code so that you can more easily find specific
changes when you are looking over your previous versions.
Con: of manual way is that you may forget to commit regularly and so when you
introduce a new bug, in order to go to a version that does not have this bug,
it may be very different or be missing large chunks of code that you have
worked on.
Pro: of automatic way is that you can be sure that every small change you make
is regularly saved.
Con: of automatic way is that small insignificant changes are committed, making
it harder to find where big functionality is implemented.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git is used more for code sharing so that when you are creating a program,
there will be many files that interact with each other for the program to work.
Google Docs is for document sharing and so all the work that is done for a
particular task is contained within a single document.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log shows the commit logs which is a record of transactions. It's used to
keep track of what's happening, it helps with things like disaster recovery
git log will show the entire history of the commits along with the commit id
git diff shows the changes between commits, e.g. changes between two files
git diff is used to compare the commits using git diff old-commit-id
new commit-id

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

It means that if you wanted to implement a change, you don't have to worry
about breaking the code because you can always go back to a previous version
Without version control, development is working in baby steps, incremental

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use git to create a mobile app for Android